[dx12] Don't panic if `MaxSupportedFeatureLevel` wasn't set by query (#8806)
gfx-rs/wgpu: CHANGELOG.md

- `DisplayHandle` should now be passed to `InstanceDescriptor` for correct EGL initialization on Wayland. By @MarijnS95 in [#8012](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/pull/8012)
  Note that the existing workaround to create surfaces before the adapter is no longer valid.

#### DX12

> - Unreachable code entered during adapter enumeration on older DX12 environments that didn't support a high enough D3D12FeatureLevel was fixed. By @inner-daemons in [#8806](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/pull/8806).

Reviewer: style: backticks for code-like things plz

nitpick: s/Unreachable code entered during/Don't panic in/, s/was fixed//.

nitpick: s/didn't/don't/; present tense still applies here!

Combined suggestions:

```suggestion
- Don't panic in adapter enumeration on older DX12 environments that don't support a high enough `D3D12FeatureLevel`. By @inner-daemons in [#8806](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/pull/8806).
```
